Changes from last JSONgenesis version:

v0.1

Reworked alot of descriptions to be more coherent and concise, and fixing various typographical & grammatical errors. Most lore elements have been moved into details. 
Fixed Halley beam sound not playing properly
Fixed Stellar firing sound not playing properly
Renamed Neutron Mortar to Pulsar 
Renamed Plasma Expeller to Aurora
Renamed Cold Plasmathrower to Ganymede
Renamed "Battery missile" to Muon.
Renamed Discharge to Meson.
Renamed Uprise to Ruination.
Renamed Fear to Herald. Now also given proper heat texture.
Renamed Dread to Wraith. Tweaked it's stats a bit. Gave it a different firing sound to differentiate its firepower.
Uprise (now aka Ruination) & Breakthrough firing sounds have been modified to be in line with their firing time.
Boss units (Avetronox, Apotheosis, Jorturm, Ryvatas) now have immunities to most modded debuffs. (Note, modded part only encompasses Exogenesis status effects.)
Tweak Avetronox weapon sounds a bit.
Gave Weld (Fuse upgrade) a proper description.
Rebalanced Cold Plasma Generator to be more appropriate to its own tier.
Advancer Reconstructor sprite fixed, resized to fit previous reconstructor's size. Renamed into Hexative Reconstructor.
Resprited three T1 factories (Genesux, Elecian, Quantra), sprites made using Soletux' factory
Removed Axinian Gas and structures that used it now use Cold Plasma instead, albeit at a higher rate.  
"Placeholder" Reconstructor sprite fixed. Renamed into Pentative Reconstructor.
Jupiteium Reactor and Neutron Reactor now properly generates power.
Forebode sprite fixed and recolored to be inline with Foreshadow-like turrets, and been given proper appropriate sized point bullet effect.
Radically resprited and rebalanced Barrage. Given heat texture.
Fixed missing material texture of Goliath Drill.
Genesux Mining Drone Factory has been renamed and resprited. Moved to after Genesux Factory in tech tree.
Renamed Mining Drone 1 to Triton, and Mining Drone 2 to Charon. Slightly tweaked stats of drones.
Gave Nadir's main gun a proper charging sound.
War (aka Ryvatas) has its new unfinished sprite and new stats replaced by an old version of War from previous versions. Fixed chargeup effect.
Revamped Balaenoptera's main gun a bit. Now it fires actually bigger projectile suited to it's main gun's size and it's firing effects have been changed. Projectile fragments reduced damage by 50% but fragments increased amount by 50%.
Balaenoptera's full image has been remade to match up with current sprite.
Renamed Balaenoptera to Rorqual.
Restored the Rumble from the old versions, an upgrade to the Ripple.
Restored the Enforcer from the old versions, an upgrade to the Lancer, now rebalanced and resprited. Now fires 3 Lancer-like beams in succession instead of rapidly firing point bullets.
Orion's full image has been remade to match up with current sprite.
Removed Orbit & Comet turrets. (Reason: Wholly underpowered turrets that just bloat up the selection.)
Removed unfinished Soletux Volcanic tank
Fixed Prometheus titan research icon.
Renamed Toxicity to Therid. Main gun now has charging sound, and acid guns now have a firing sound.
Fixed Tyrannical Outburst status effect icon.
Fixed Acidic (now called Acid Burn) status effect icon.
Restored the "lost" Hyperion Titan from the 2.4 branch of Exogenesis github repo. Made it buildable in the Titan Assembler as a Tier 3 Titan Unit.
Fixed Bellatrix and Orion not being shown in Auvathia Reconstructor
Tweaked the sizes & colors of Placeholder (Pentative) Reconstructor & Auvathia Reconstructor so it fits the previous tiers.
Tweaked the color of Ravthian Reconstructor a bit.
Fixed Huge Primordium Wall having wrong health.
Rebalanced Genesis Nodes to be more expensive but more useful than regular vanilla Power Nodes.
Removed Calamity Energy Cell as it isn't used for anything.
Rebalanced Cold Energy Fuser a bit, now outputs 2 but now requires 3 titanium. Also reduced hydrogen usage.
Moved faction-specific materials into their own respective factions. (Lumianite to Quantra, Siravaxa Metal to Genesux, Primordium Iron and Annhihilation Crystal to Soletux)
Moved Turbulence into Quantra Tech Tree, after Gluon
Moved Ruiner and Ravager from Serpulo Tech Tree into Elecian Tech tree, Catastrophe moved to after Ravager.
Fixed Hades missing turret base texture, glow textures and heat textures. Fixed Serpulo resources being in its build cost.
Moved Forge of Annihilation to Soletux Tech Tree. Fixed Serpulo resources being in its build cost and inputs, now it appears in Erekir. 
Solar Vanquisher attack has been tweaked. It can now attack buildings, however with a -90% damage multiplier, and attack range is decreased.
Reworked and renamed Fornax to Throne. Main gun now has moving barrels and glowy bits, resprited the heavy missiles and changed up its attack. Adjusted range.
Reworked and renamed Anvil to Crown. Main weapon is now a large minigun (with working heavy barrels, code borrowed from Twcash's Aquarion, specifically from the unit Consul) firing heavy rounds, secondary weapons are now shock artillery. Adjusted range.
Tweak Brimstone range
Demon cannot target air units anymore. Loading it with Thorium turns it into a Fuse-like weapon with range reduced appropriate to its attack.
Adjusted Calamity Forge inputs and outputs
Fix  Catastrophe build cost (Thorium was duplicate, and Elecian exclusive resource is nowhere to be seen)
Rework Pine and Ignition turrets. Pine was renamed to Hereder. Resprited so they respectively look like smaller versions of Swarmer and Fuse turrets. Added one more ammo type to Ignition, and adjust balance for Herder's missiles.
Sight has now heat texture, bullet trail length reduced.
Fix Atlas titan charge sound.
Xenoct's weapon heat texture was misrenamed. Fixed.
Revamped README to fix typos
Fixed part of the Soletux research tree being missing
Fixed astronomical turret health numbers
Fixed factories having too little storage
Removed erekir materials from the cold plasma collider recipe
Moved around the genesux research tree
Removed unused items from the research tree
Reworked MLT conduit
Added sprawling void, a big open sector for making export bases that dont fit in salt flats
Rebalanced atlas citadel so it isn't nearly impossible
Fixed forge of Annihilation name & description